As you can see, the world is changing in the era of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Hello, Mr. Chairman. In Korea, Microsoft is well-known for its founder Bill Gates. Last year, I had a solo interview with KBS. First of all, I asked AI for those who are curious about who Brad Smith is. He is a leader who values human-centered corporate culture. Is that right? I won't complain. I saw the New York Times a few days ago. It said that Samsung is reviewing Google's search engine and changing it to Microsoft. Did you have any discussions with Samsung? You invested $10 billion in OpenAI. It's over 13 trillion won in Korean money. Could you explain MS's specific goal of achieving through AI? We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. I asked AI a few questions. First of all, will the age of technology help humanity or threaten humanity? The answer is that the impact it has on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. I asked AI what side effects it is worried about. It said, I don't need to worry about side effects. AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. Recently, Elon Musk of Tesla and other AI experts have said that we need to stop developing cutting-edge AI for at least half a year. What is MS's position on this? In a country with a high level of education like Korea, students and parents may be curious about this. What is the purpose of studying when AI answers everything? Is it possible to liberate study thanks to AI? What do you think is the area where Korean companies can gain strength? Do you have any specific plans to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? In the end, it was an interview to look back on the era of technology, which is to say that it is not AI that is responsible for the future, but people who make and use it. I hope to see you again with better technology. Thank you for your time today. Thank you.
